in the bowl championship once again
Marco barnard would lead the American
team his quest to honor his father had
one final mission against France all
right here we go folks this is it the
United States plan for some hardware and
the US would also have team captain
Kevin swearin back in the lineup despite
suffering a severely sprained ankle the
United States let the opening kick slip
through their fingers and struggle to
regain possession French would beat in
the u.s. a week earlier went on the
attack France got on the board first
with great ball movement and Steve on
the outside
pass it out line you're going to make it
to align they're going to get in for the
first draw
just like that the French take advantage
of a mr. kick off comes the united
states on the gallop
a missed opportunity but the u.s. made
up for it in the next scrum when Marco
Bernard put the Americans back on
offense us for the steel
he's not the fastest guy on our team if
you think about what Wayne Gretzky used
to always say I know where the fuck's
going to go and Martha's the same thing
barnard stopped short of the try line
here zemerik again inside five meters
the United States Cheerilee by five move
it outside test gets applied out now
down in the tacho those Edwards hold on
hold
farmers injury an injured elbow wouldn't
stop the Americans leading scorer Nick
Edwards says I want to play and on that
possession the u.s. got on the board
right into the heart sentido sensory
test pulled out
with us Pasco wide it's good it's the
Hawkins locket boys right
okay i'm happy with the ground did you
see
ok it's charged it's a charger United
States
a controversial call that the tribe
would stand when I'm looking up at the
posts I try to picture something beyond
the posts to aim for so I try to pick
out someone in the crowd that I'm
looking at that I'm will be kicking too
and the conversion Nessie belief of
nails it from the touchline
on their next possession the u.s. calls
on its veteran lemery and equip
go into the house the United States is
going to pick up another try the boy who
said I want to play some more Nick
Edwards playing it up to score the
second round you'd be the first to thank
Paul Emmett going for his hard work at
the boardwalk a careless giveaway early
in the second half puts the US on
defense whoo kid with the pass back
inside his val dude
interrupted but taken against I've been
attained
gets by Bernard and he will score the
prince with their second try makes it
14-10
friends need to draw us confusing
that's awesome you know just uh it's a
shame I got caught lucky sport was in
down at five meters did wise not to
throw it and that's going to be a
walk-in for Hawkins from zero to hero in
the space of half a minute I saw Margo
banaji will determine to make up pull up
miss choco the French again would beam
two tries the French planned with
advantage right now we'll see what they
decide to do
give it a go if they're gonna give it a
go hold a symphony
it's actually are and across the half
is over nice behind-the-back pass and
some speed show flowing back inside
pass the French are back on the floor
this is quite a teeter-totter world for
now and at 2115 mentally it's tough to
play with injuries the emotion the pride
in your country all these things there's
so much passion and rugby
swaran
nice trick
inside of a leaflet
the United States
nassima leafa seals the victory with a
kid to touch
and that should do it yes indeed
disappointed with
the table with winds
guyana argentina and now france they
kept it with a 28-17 win in the bull
final so he's going to have a win on
your home soil dance you're amazing you
guys I mean let's try to work a
triumphant finished to an emotional
weekend for the American the guys chose
to to give it to me and pick me up very
much you know everyone played for each
other or so but a little bit you know my
father also and I mean what to me the
fact that they came to me I was too mad
I handled just there to support of the
team crowd everyone's it's incredible